but the honest color explosives
but its technically good you have to
confuse the explosion was alfredo and
equivalent that was me since I was the
that I had the detonator and I when
calculated that you are not being able
general please excuse my partner
he has a big problem of
temperament
and it's also partly the reason why
that he talks so he's talking his
Wolf
I mean, let's say that alfredo had a
some disagreement with the committee of
behavior is not true I told them that
they were miserable like me so
they could go to the truth
basically that and as a positive measure
they decided to install a device
censorship
it's a mess of my head every time
I go out a go lose is a look
without counting a large layer for my life
very good personal sir his name by
favor
Alfred
sorry
to your mother
or something like that on behalf of my race without
permission
good afternoon we have wished worldwide
I said I like everything
well his employees headbands of potosí with
working in the reactor they see again
if you have any problems
I'm sure they know how to fix a
particle accelerator sir our
company we make sure that the level
of our optimal professionalism
that its quiet and what I'm
doing
I think that 's what I was lying like that
he's been bored and there was nothing in the
monitor agreement and all calls
incoming I had to disconnect the
phone was getting down to me non-stop
I'm burning I'm stuck in a
hole without ventilation and I only have left
four minutes until the end of the
you know you're a fucking sadist
insulting me does not help us fix this
good thing good good good I think
we should start good opening the
control panel door not even
I saw that the door was locked and I did not
like strength in things
as perfect boeing without problems the
reason to sue anyone
roberto how are you sebastián nothing and how
is the panel and this is difficult going to
be difficult just to lend all
buttons until you see a green light
The science
the core of the computer in image and
then installation very well all finish
other crimes less call us what
we'll call I have good day see you chao
and these jobs are loaded with
rare languages
this is wrong this is definitely
very bad
and do not worry the computers of
today exaggerates everything will not happen anything
good at least advance payment